2025-03-10 1300 Meeting
Agenda and notes
- planned topic
# personal note
* spontaneous topic
! decision
+ personal todo

- Did we do well?
	- Is this an acceptable pace?
    	* Maxim: yeah sure it's fine
	* Denis and Eemeli did meet on Thursday, discussed inventory implementation/style, nothing technical
	* Denis did push some commits!
	* Inventory concept shows a grid
    	* Otto: How's the inevntory system?
    	* Denis: not much yet but I do UI and Eemeli does implementation
	- Was the pace too slow or limited by another factor?
		* Any blocking?
		* Eemeli: Didn't really know what to do, messy scene directory
	
- Criticism & Mistakes
	- Let's not blame, mistakes are a process fault
	- We expected mistakes
	* Mismatches are a good chance for documentation!
	- List (* any others?):
    	- Maxim misplacing things in Godot file directory
		- Mounaim use of deprecated Godot feature (TileMap instead of TileMapLayer) and non-descriptive git commit message
			* copied from online cheatsheet
			* TileMapLayer written as an instruction, not seen or noticed?
			! Otto: it would be good to change to TileMapLayer
		* commits via GitHub?
			* Easy to use for just uploading a file
			! Doesn't really conflict with the bash approach, allow
- Development process
	- "Work session"-centric or "volunteer chip-in" centric?
		* Maxim: I think it's a good idea
		* Eemeli: we should continue work sessions
		* Otto: yeah work sessions, and current work assignment system is high bureaucracy. Also programmers don't know exactly what to do (instructions unclear)
		* Eemeli: Yeah, let's make a programmer chat for opinions and discussion
		* Oskari: what about blocking, waiting for instructions?
		* Eemeli: Yeah but it's just discussion and opinions. Let's have a chat that's separate 
	* GitHub Issues
		* high maintenance and bureaucracy
		* Decision to stop using?
		! Decision: Use text iles in the git repo, no more GitHu Issues
		* flip-flopping...
	* TODO-replacements
		* Lists for individuals
		* Otto will assign tasks to programmers
		* Text box in todo lists, programmers check upon task completion
		! Decision: TODO list in the git repo, freeform (Up to Otto)
	* Issue of unclarity
		! Decision: programmer chat on Discord
	- 
	- Adopt Scrum?
		- Oskari didn't bring it up due to pride and stubborness
		- Processes, roles, terms already defined for us
		- Though it is for part-time/full-time workers
		* Otto: aren't we doing that already
		* Oskari: 2 bbig appeals: defined terminology, and product owner managing product backlog 
		! Decision: Product backlog! Matilda will maintain it
	- Git branching
		- No branching vs local branching
		* bad argument
- Documentation
	- Git documentation, is it clear?
	* Oskari: *Git Tirade*
	* Basically please run the configuration option in "git_pull_avoid_accidental_merges.txt"

- work sessions
	* People understood that work sessions organize next work sessions
	* Matilda, Otto, Oskari should meet to refine requirements
		* unspecificity blocked work

* Godot version change
	* to be discussed by Otto Matilda Oskari
* Meeting over
	* Todos will appear soon
	* Otto Matilda Oskari will specify requirements and make tasks
