Meeting 2025-03-17, 1700 (5pm)

- New Meeting Time
    - Determine a new reliable meeting time
        * Starting with Eemeli
		* Eemeli has lecture  12-14, prefers monday 15, 
		* Maxim has lecture 12-14, 14-16, prefers at least monday 17
		* Eemeli can work with 1pm wednesday
        	* works for Maxim, except 12-14
		* Denis says wednes day is free except for a lecture
		* Wdnesday 1pm (with exceptions?)
		! Wednesday 1pm decided!
		* Wednesday this week, or next week
		* Could be necessary to meet on this week's wednesday
		! Nope, next week's wednesday
* Eemeli and Denis work sessions
	* Didn't agree last time, good that it was pointed out
	* Done
- Surprise deadline and scheduling improvements
    - Two weeks left for April 2nd deadline
        - Start making final report?
	* functional requirements milestones?
		* Matilda didn't have any schedules in mind
	* Otto thinks we're moving slowly
	* Matilda mentions blocks, complicatiosn from synchronization
	* Oskari: let's set at least SOME goal
    	* allows reflection and lets us see what's slowing us down
	* Week goals delegated to a work session on wednesday
    - Workweek planning for the remaining duration
    - "By-the-End-of-the-Week" Document
    - Timekeeping and ensuring development is on time
        - Oskari (project leader)
        - Otto (technical lead)
	* Slowness of development
	* Deadlines won't to inspire faster development
	* Are we going fast enough?
	>
* Maxim: "How much of the project is done per TODO?"
* Maxim: "Let's focus on finishing TODO's"
* No information on how project is graded!
> Are we going fast enough?
	* Otto: It would be better if we could move faster
	* Slowness is "justifiable", most people unfamiliar with the tooling
	* Otto: People didn't look into Godot, so doing tasks is hard for them
	* Otto: We should've enforced/tracked learning of tools
* Mounaim has git issues
	* Meeting made, resolved for now
- Software development
    - TODO File Management
        - Address common text TODO file leading to merge conflicts
        - Discuss splitting TODOs into individual files for each member
		* At least GitHub Issues handled synchronization
		* Too late to change back xd
		! If the TODO file has another merge conflict within upcoming week, Oskari will split it up into individual files 
    - Component Documentation
        - Necessity of component documentation
        - Assign responsibility for documenting components and their usage
		* No meeting for "Let's go over what we've done"
		* Otto: there hasn't been necessity for it
		* Otto: I tried to specify it far enough in the TODO
		* Oskari: biggest unavoidable issue is that most people don't feel confident figuring out Godot implementations for specified behaviors
		* Otto: It would be faster if I just did it myself
		* Oskari: Godot uncertainty is biggest roadblock
		* Otto: Maybe I should specify less about the implementation? Would be difficult for programmers though
		* Oskari: Just having this experience is valuable for the completion of the course
    - Merge Conflict Resolution
        - Need for document to resolve merge conflicts
        - Assign someone to create/update documentation
		* Why did I write this down, no-one would object

- Course Expectations and Product Quality
    - Emphasize the importance of process over product
    - Discuss the possibility of a knowledgeable person "rushing out the product" vs. learning about project management
	- Embrace "one-man team" and relegate others to support roles?

* Agenda ran out
    * Otto: oh that's it? No major changes?
    * Otto: This process is inefficient
	* Oskari: I disagree, it just doesn't overcome other issues

* Course grading
	* Matilda: By this point we probably pass the course, we're just failing ourselves
	* What is the grade?

	  vvv NOTICE vvv
* Matilda: Learning journal must be returned by 2nd April also
	  ^^^ NOTICE ^^^

CHECKLIST
[X] Decide next general meeting date
[X] Write next general meeting date in personal calendar
[X] Announce next general meeting date in #schedule
